So let's continue working with these Web site.
The next section is going to be the four of you can see for example the headlines of the four different
colors and whether there are different opinions what are going on.
Right click here any spec these
you can see that they are in Niaspan and then we have these widget Dayrell and then we have the widget
decks and everything.
For example I think that we can target these with widget anguage at idle.
So we're going up an already thought atom and I'm going to scroll to the bottom right here may some
space in the wall we're going to have four inch
and I'm going to widget that glass and then we have this widget on
and we're going to use and reheated for the same.
What do you see in black from family is going to be Lato sans serif and we're going to use fonde wait
nine candidate the color red is going to be different.
If you take a style guide it's going to be these one and the font size going at one point for him.
So save these and RIDO the front in and you can see how we can measure.
We need to also transform uppercase will make these uppercase all the letters and you can see better
looking better.
In this case this one is in two lines because we have categories here and we have product categories
and 6:42 are the name of the menu.
So let's continue and for example you can see that these icons in the menus are imprinted in my case.
In my case I don't like how they look.
So we're going to remove that and you can see they are printed on the before so we can use something
like widget
we can use the select of these with the broad categories
and then we have these cat item in them before
and what is going on display none too high.
Those reload and you can see now he's looking better.
I think right here we have some by the same margin and that's fine.
You can see the the.
We have lots of these Madian we need to remove that control.
So we're going inspect these in this case they have these main navigation and all of these men knew
are going on.
A copy of the copy command basing we're going to remove these this is going to be menu and I think it's
ready also to have food right here this way with a mess in the future with when we are in there the
rest of the of the widgets so we come in line and you can see we have a menu item a menu item and then
before these play on something like this don't snow you can see it's working better.
And so you want to remove these self-manage manual in my opinion.
I don't like how it looks and my you know I don't want to bring in these so many.
So if I just pick these you can see a menu item cost children.
We can copy these
and we can have for menu item cost children.
And then you have these northerlies we can tell you where and display none.
We can also use these so we can cut these coma based and remove these go RIDO these.
And you can see the menus looking better.
Finally the final judgment that we can make this home and if things like this is going to use the Coran
menu them so we can copy the selector and that Foret right here for and color white.
So save these and reload again and you can see this looking better.
So we can call it collapses and space right here and that's happening because we have only added day
for calling 1 two and four with Skip the three.
So you can have another way just right there.
So finally we have this section on the bottom and I'm going up in my later years you can see that we
have these research so we can use for resetter.
And I think is another be united in their food because we added these after the food for
so you can see the food it is right here and they have these rosette.
But that's fine.
We can add something like research.
And then we can use background color and copy these codes with a color and then if they can keep saying
we need to add some piling on the top and on the bottom as well on our body.
When Im in syrup and then we're going out Risser in the paragraph and the functions you can see they
have a neat weather pattern up here so we can target these easier in close up and it's going to have
the color right here.
And black it's going to be a color and it's going to be white black and we're going to use the phone
for Amedee lotto with a fun size of 1.2 M.
And finally and you can see that is not the case.
Now you can reload with these.
And I didn't something what I'm missing is it takes a line center so you can see it in the sandy center.
So this is the C Ss and let's reload the front in.
So you can see he's looking better but we're missing something here.
If I inspect this paragraph by the for commerce in the state that says they have these margin on the
bottom so we can fix that.
And so the conclusion really is black where when and have a different color and muddy bottom zero and
what are going to change the color.
We're going to use this one from the style guide and see these and relo the front end like an now is
going to be the final piece and you can see this looking better.
Maybe we can make this a little bigger and the Muller went M.
Yes something like that.
I think this is the correct way of bringing these Forder.
So this is looking great.
And with these we finish the home page.
Now the home page is really really de-friend of what used to be.
If you remember we have these coupons we have a new menu we have this social network we have this special
section coming from Atlanta custom fields we're printing these categories.
We're printing these brows from the home kit category.
They will have this new in on sale.
Best seller.
These men such as who are print in some blog entries we can wear it out so subscriptions to the newsletter
and our cost of for.
This is looking great.
And there is more to come in the next few years.
We're going to continue our style need each section of this Web site and I'm going to show you more
hooks.
And one more call that you can draw on to customize your own and stores with with cucumbers in a storefront.